2. grand truth is a lot smoother and for the area that is not showing in the R image(for example, the body of a water jar), the D is calculated from the extended image of R. Also true for the very right part (the canvas on the R is not showing on L). Those areas in my D map appears to be dark or pretty much noisy. That means there is no good match.  Also my D map doesn't pick up the details of pencil holder and the object in front of it.

3.SSD responds poorly to the noise . Sharpening the picture as long as normalizing it back the original value range doesn't seem to be too bad for the output.It looks like the area that is being sharpened (stronger edges) are picked up more obviously than before. This is unwanted result since if the two pictures are only horizontally different by moving pixel in axis, the face D map intensity should remain roughly same. For example, the man's (or the women's?) face is showing more details on the D_L  map calculated from the sharpened L image. 

4. correlation method seems to be less noisy on the human face area than SSD method. I can still see the contour of the human face. Also slightly less affected by noise I think because the normalization may get away a bit of noise.
When the image is sharpened, the D map remains relatively the same with the D map produced from the original image vesus SSD picks up unwanted the details. 

5. The performance of D map is heavily affected by template size and disparity range. However the quality of which is also depend on them. The larger the window and search range is, the slow it produces the D map. But overall quality is better. Sometimes bigger template drops out small details. If template size is too small then there is too much noise on the D map. So there needs to be a mid point for both performance and quality. I think the size between 7 ~ 15 might be a good choice. I tested 11 and 15. 11 seems to be overall pick up most stuff but a bit "busy" on the map. 15 fails to pick up the pensil holder and objects behind and in front of it. I used 11 to generate the final png.
